hi are you Erica yes I am who are you I
am Preston Josh set us up on a blind
date for Valentine's Day oh I see so
you're Preston what is wrong oh nothing
I just got a different impression from
how he talked by the way what's that on
your shirt and why are you wearing an
undershirt oh it is old bacon grease
stains why didn't you change this is a
fancy restaurant it is the shirt I wear
every day and brings me luck when
playing call of duty oh okay then
good evening would you like to hear the
specials for today no I've had plenty of
time to decide what I want thank you and
what about you sir yes I am ready did
you look at a menu I do not need to I
already know what I want what would you
like to start off as a beverage ma'am I
would like the strawberry sangria please
certainly ma'am and for you sir
let me get a Juggernog excuse me sir I
don't recall that being on the menu is
that a mixed drink Juggernog gives you
more energy okay
if you do not have that give me the
speed Cola
sir is that a particular brand of Cola
we have Coke or Pepsi wow this
restaurant does not have much in regards
to perks okay
you must have double tap root beer y-yes
sir we have root beer okay bring me a
double tap root beer and no glass I want
to drink directly from the bottle just
like they do in Call of Duty zombie mode
yes sir and you mentioned you're ready
to order
as well yes we are would you like to
start out with any appetizers no not me
how about you sir no all right what
would you like ma'am I would like the
Norwegian salmon with mixed vegetables
and a baked potato for salad
I would like French dressing thank you
excellent and for you sir get me three
angus burgers with extra cheese and
bacon fries with extra cheese and for
dessert I want the chocolate cake and
brownie sundae sir feel free to order
your dessert after your meal I want my I
deserted on with my meal I eat fast and
I do not want to wait for my dessert all
right I will be right out with your
drinks well that's a lot of food oh it's
nothing I usually eat more but I am
trying to cut down so let us get this
Valentine's Day date started okay then
so what do you do I play a Call of Duty
the best video game franchise in the
world no I don't mean as a hobby what do
you do as a profession Josh would not
tell me too much about you since he said
the fun of blind dates is the surprise
like I said I played a Call of Duty oh
you're a game tester they can make
pretty good money no I do not test games
I am a hardcore player of Call of Duty
besides would I want to test and play
other games Call of Duty is the only
game in my life
so let me get this straight you don't
work and only play call of duty
that is correct well do you go to school
if I do not have time for work then I do
not have time for school call of duty is
all I need in my life well I cannot
believe this oh my god there is a life
frag grenade on the table I'm afraid I
don't know what you're talking about
it's your last beer what are you talking
about
it's just a root beer bottle ma'am I
apologize they are mixing your
strawberry sangria right now I will be
right back out with it that's all right
thank you
enjoy your strawberry sangria ma'am
thank you I apologize we are a bit
understaffed tonight I'll be right out
with your salad ma'am
anyway as I was saying I am among the
top 10 players in the xbox360 modern
warfare 3 community I am currently
number 6 and close to taking number 5 I
will be number 1 soon boy that's
something I also remain in the top 10
players in black ops modern warfare 2
world at war and Call of Duty 4 no other
player in the world can remain in the
top 10 for every Call of Duty game I'm
the only one how many hours do you play
a day I play about 16 hours a day every
day oh my god what you play a video game
16 hours a day
hey Call of Duty is not just any video
game it is a way of life
besides I work hard to be in the top 10
in every Call of Duty game do you
realize how much of a prestige that is I
know you could be working or going to
school during those 16 hours Call of
Duty is my work yes I love call of duty
oh my god what the game what an amazing
game it is the best thing on earth oh
boy well I can't believe this ok let's
change the subject off Call of Duty so
are you one of those trust funds kids
who don't need to work in modern warfare
3 I am a 10th prestige level and I am
the also level 10 perceived in every
other Call of Duty that's not the
question I asked you
oh I am sorry in modern warfare 3 I
prefer the assault strike package I use
the 5 7 12 which is the predator missile
attack helicopter and ac-130 I also get
the ammo a B often after a 25 kill
streak if you do not know that means
mother of all bombs that still doesn't
answer the question I asked you
oh for Perks I use sleight of hand pro
assassin Pro and steady aim Pro and I
use the mp7 with rapid fire the weapon
proficiency is best with stability and I
use the desert eagle with the tactical
knife as my secondary it is an amazing
loadout that high dominate with I also
know how to use every other gun in the
game
I'm good like that oh my god are you
even listening to me
oh I am sorry I forgot to mention that I
use frag as my lethal on flash grenade
as my tactical also for my death Street
I use dead men's hand not that I get
killed too often but I absolutely love
dead men's hand
I'd emanate c4 right before I am going
to die and take every enemy around me
with them oh my god someone must have
called a stealth bomber what are you
talking about there are bombs falling
someone called the nine killstreak
stealth bomber from modern warfare 2
there are no bombs falling it is your
imagination snap out of it
you